Add Hosted regions to resource reference (#1725)
astronomer/docs: astro/resource-reference-gcp.md

| `asia-northeast1`         | Tokyo, Asia                   | ✔️                            | ✔️              |
| `asia-northeast2`         | Osaka, Asia                   | ✔️                            |                |
| `asia-northeast3`         | Seoul, Asia                   | ✔️                            |                |
| `asia-south1`             | Mumbai, Asia                  | ✔️                            |                |
| `asia-south2`             | Delhi, Asia                   | ✔️                            |                |
| `asia-southeast1`         | Singapore, Asia               | ✔️                            |                |
| `asia-southeast2`         | Jakarta, Asia                 | ✔️                            |                |
| `australia-southeast1`    | Sydney, Australia             | ✔️                            |                |
| `australia-southeast2`    | Melbourne, Australia          | ✔️                            |                |
| `europe-central2`         | Warsaw, Europe                | ✔️                            |                |

> | `europe-north1`           | Finalnd, Europe               | ✔️                            |                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `europe-north1`           | Finland, Europe               | ✔️                            |                |
```

| `southamerica-west1`      | Santiago, South America       | ✔️                            |                |
| `us-central1`             | Iowa, North America           | ✔️                            | ✔️              |
| `us-east1`                | South Carolina, North America | ✔️                            |                |
| `us-east4`                | Virginia, North America       | ✔️                            | ✔️              |
| `us-east5`                | Columbus, North America       | ✔️                            |                |
| `us-south1`               | Dallas, North America         | ✔️                            |                |
| `us-west1`                | Oregon, North America         | ✔️                            |                |
| `us-west2`                | Los Angeles, North America    | ✔️                            |                |
| `us-west3`                | Salt Lake City, North America | ✔️                            |                |
| `us-west4`                | Nevada, North America         | ✔️                            |                |

> Modifying the region of an existing Astro cluster isn't supported. If you're interested in a GCP region that isn't on this list, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modifying the region of an existing Astro cluster isn't supported. If you're interested in a GCP region that isn't listed, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).
```
